1.	What is the nature of Beijing Institute of technology?
Beijing Institute of technology is the first university of engineering founded by the Communist Party of China.

2.	What institution does Beijing Institute of technology belong to?
Beijing Institute of technology is subordinate to the Ministry of industry and information technology of the people's Republic of China.

3.	What was the predecessor of Beijing Institute of technology?
The predecessor of Beijing Institute of technology was the Academy of Natural Sciences established in Yan'an in 1940.

4.	How many books does the library of Beijing Institute of technology have?
The library had 2232600 paper documents, 1356800 e-books, 6295100 e-papers and 304 online databases by the end of 2017.

5.	Who inscribed the Chinese name of Beijing Institute of technology?
The Chinese name of Beijing Institute of technology was inscribed by Zhao Puchu.

6.	What is the motto of Beijing Institute of technology?
The motto of Beijing Institute of Technology is Reasonable by Character and Skillful by Learning.

7.	When was the motto of Beijing Institute of technology determined?
The motto of Beijing Institute of technology was determined by the Party committee of the University on August 26, 2010.

8.	What is the school spirit of Beijing Institute of technology?
Unity, diligence, realism and innovation

9.	What is the study style of Beijing Institute of technology?
Seek truth from facts and not self righteous

10.	Where does the style of study of Beijing Institute of technology come from?
The style of study is the thought of Xu Teli, the old president of the University.

11.	What is the educational goal of Beijing Institute of technology?
Lofty ideals, profound scholarship, strong physique and tranquil mood

12.	What are the famous alumni of Beijing Institute of technology?
Li Peng, Zeng Qinghong, Li Fuchun, Wang Xiaomo, Peng Shilu, etc.

13.	What is the foreign name of Beijing Institute of technology?
Beijing Institute of Technology

14.	What is the nickname of Beijing Institute of technology?
bit

15.	When was Beijing Institute of technology founded?
Beijing Institute of Technology was founded in 1940

16.	What is the nature of Beijing Institute of technology?
The nature of Beijing Institute of Technology is state-owned university

17.	What are the current leaders of Beijing Institute of technology?
Party secretary: Zhao Changlu, President: Zhang Jun

18.	Who is the current party secretary of Beijing Institute of technology?
Zhao Changlu

19.	Who is the current president of Beijing Institute of technology?
Jun Zhang

20.	What is the anniversary of Beijing Institute of technology?
The first Sunday in late September every year

21.	How many campuses does Beijing Institute of Technology have?
It has Zhongguancun campus, Liangxiang campus and Xishan campus.

22.	What is the address of Zhongguancun campus of Beijing Institute of technology?
Zhongguancun campus is located at (No. 5, Zhongguancun South Street, Haidian District,Beijing).

23.	What is the address of Liangxiang campus of Beijing Institute of technology?
Liangxiang campus is located at Liangxiang East Road, Fangshan District, Beijing

24.	What is the address of Xishancampus of Beijing Institute of technology?
Xishan campus is located at No. 16, Lengquan East Road, Haidian District, Beijing

25.	When was the school of computer science of Beijing Institute of technology established?
The school of computer science of Beijing Institute of technology was founded in 1958.

26.	Who is the dean of the school of computer science of Beijing Institute of technology?
Guo Ren Wang

27.	Who is the secretary of the Party committee of the school of computer science, Beijing Institute of technology?
Ding Gangyi

28.	How many academicians are there in Beijing Institute of technology?
32

29.	How many students are there in Beijing Institute of technology?
The number of full-time students is 31894

30.	How many professional colleges does Beijing Institute of technology have?
21

31.	How many academies are there in Beijing Institute of technology?
9

32.	What is the campus area of Beijing Institute of technology?
2.21 million square meters

33.	How about the football team of Beijing Institute of technology?
The school football team has won the championship ten times in the Chinese College Football League.

34.	What is the ranking of Beijing Institute of technology?
Beijing Institute of Technology ranked eighteenth in Chinese mainland universities in the 2019 QS world university rankings,.

35.	How about the employability of graduates from Beijing Institute of technology?
The employment ability ranks second in Chinese mainland universities, after Tsinghua University.

36.	What is the mascot of Beijing Institute of technology?
Dove of peace

37.	What's the postcode of Beijing Institute of technology?
100081

38.	What is the website of Beijing Institute of technology?
www.bit. edu. cn

39.	What is the development concept of Beijing Institute of technology?
Qiangdi, Yangxin and tuotian

40.	Who wrote the lyrics of the school song of Beijing Institute of technology?
Li Gongda

41.	Who composed the school song of Beijing Institute of technology?
Fan Xin

42.	What are the advantageous disciplines of Beijing Institute of technology?
Advantageous disciplines include: Mechanical Engineering, optical engineering, information and communication engineering, weapon science and technology, etc.

43.	What are the internal departments of the Organization Department of the Party committee of Beijing Institute of technology?
Party Construction studio, cadre studio and Party school office.

44.	When was xuteli College of Beijing Institute of technology established?
Officially established in 2013

45.	What is the training goal of xuteli College of Beijing Institute of technology?
The training goal of xuteli College is to adhere to the "tutorial system, strict requirements, small classes, customization and internationalization"

46.	What is the training of xuteli College of Beijing Institute of technology?
Jian Rong Bing Xu, Hou Ji Bo Fa

47.	How many floors are there in xuteli Library of Beijing Institute of technology?
6

48.	How many floors are there in the Li Ke teaching building of Liangxiang campus of Beijing Institute of technology?
5

49.	How many floors are there in the Zong He teaching building of Liangxiang campus of Beijing Institute of technology?
5

50.	Which campus is xuteli Library of Beijing Institute of Technology located?
Liangxiang Campus

51.	How many canteens are there in Liangxiang campus of Beijing Institute of technology?
4

52.	How many teaching buildings are there in Liangxiang campus of Beijing Institute of technology?
3

53.	Where is xuteli library located in Liangxiang campus of Beijing Institute of technology?
Xuteli Library is located at the entrance of the South Gate of the north campus.

54.	Where is the waiting point of Liangxiang campus of Beijing Institute of technology?
Waiting point is located near armored vehicles in the south campus.

55.	How many anniversaries does Beijing Institute of technology celebrate this year?
81st anniversary

56.	Where was Beijing Institute of technology born?
Born in Yan'an, Shaanxi Province, China.

57.	What is the subway station near Zhongguancun campus of Beijing Institute of technology?
Weigongcun subway station

58.	What is the subway station near Liangxiang campus of Beijing Institute of technology?
Liangxiang University Town North subway station

59.	What are the student campus information platforms of Beijing Institute of technology?
Beili Xiao Tan Ke

60.	How many basketball courts are there in Beijing Institute of technology?
2

61.	Which campus is the main campus of Beijing Institute of technology?
Undergraduates mainly study in Liangxiang campus.

62.	What are the campus network charges of Beijing Institute of technology?
The campus network charges students 10 yuan per month, including 100GB unlimited network

63.	What is the closing time of xuteli Library of Beijing Institute of technology?
22:00 p.m

64.	Where can I take the shuttle bus from Liangxiang campus of Beijing Institute of technology?
At the entrance of xuteli Library in Liangxiang campus.

65.	What are the network teaching classes in Beijing Institute of technology?
Bei li Le Xue, Yanhe Ke Tang, etc.

66.	How to check the exam arrangement at Beijing Institute of technology?
Log in to the integrated system of Beijing Institute of science and technology or  i BIT to view it.

67.	How to take the campus bus of Beijing Institute of technology?
Make an appointment in i BIT in advance and take the bus at the waiting point.

68.	How long does it take from Zhongguancun campus of Beijing Institute of technology to Liangxiang campus?
Take the campus bus for about 40 minutes.

69.	How to check the physical fitness test results of Beijing Institute of technology?
Log in to Beili sports system for query.

70.	Where is the gymnasium in Liangxiang campus of Beijing Institute of technology?
Located to the east of the school.

71.	What is the name of the ecological lake of Beijing Institute of technology?
Bei Hu

72.	How long is the North Lake runway of Beijing Institute of technology?
1km

73.	Is Beijing Institute of technology a 985 university?
Yes.

74.	Is Beijing Institute of technology a double first-class university?
Yes.

75.	What is the red gene of Beijing Institute of technology?
Yan'an root, the soul of military industry

76.	What is the employment rate of Beijing Institute of technology?
In the past five years, the employment rate of undergraduates has reached 97% and that of postgraduates has reached more than 98%.

77.	What are the basic functions of Beijing Institute of technology?
It takes talent training, scientific research, social service, cultural inheritance and innovation as its basic functions.

78.	What is the fundamental task and the first value pursuit of Beijing Institute of technology?
Li De Shu Ren

79.	How many e-books does Beijing Institute of technology have?
one hundred and sixty-seven point nine eight million

80.	How many electronic papers are there in Beijing Institute of technology?
eight hundred and two point eight one thousand

81.	How many electronic journals are there in Beijing Institute of technology?
one hundred and twenty-eight point eight one thousand

82.	How many first-class disciplines are authorized by the doctoral degree of Beijing Institute of technology?
twenty-eight

83.	How many national key laboratories are there in Beijing Institute of technology?
nine

84.	What's the telephone number of Beijing Institute of technology?
010-68913345

85.	Where is the gymnasium in Liangxiang campus of Beijing Institute of technology?
The gymnasium is located on 26 Zhengtong Road, Fangshan District, Beijing

86.	What is the founding time of Liangxiang campus of Beijing Institute of technology?
December 20, 2002

87.	What are the facilities of the gymnasium in Liangxiang campus of Beijing Institute of technology?
There are 3000 seat basketball court, 10 Lane swimming pool, gym, martial arts space, boxing room, taekwondo, table tennis activity space, etc.

88.	When was the school hospital of Beijing Institute of technology founded?
2007.

89.	Where is the outpatient department of Liangxiang campus of Beijing Institute of Technology located?
It is located in the North Campus of Liangxiang campus.

90.	What functions does the school hospital of Beijing Institute of technology have?
The school hospital can carry out intravenous infusion treatment, atomization inhalation treatment, various injections, treatment of various surgical wounds, dressing change, blood collection, first aid, etc.

91.	What is the working hours of the school hospital of Beijing Institute of technology?
The working hours of school hospital is Monday to Friday, 8:00 to 20:00; 8:30 to 16:30 on Saturdays, Sundays and holidays; Stop in winter and summer vacation

92.	How often is the student congress of Beijing Institute of technology held?
Every two years.

93.	What departments does the student union of Beijing Institute of technology have?
It have General Office, financial media center, Public Liaison Department, rights and interests service department, learning and practice department and sports quality department.

94.	What is the name of the first satellite launched by Beijing Institute of technology?
Beiligong Yi Hao

95.	Where is the launch site of Beiligong Yi Hao?
China Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center

96.	What is the launch time of Beiligong Yi Hao?
July 26, 2019

97.	What is the highest honor scholarship of Beijing Institute of technology?
Xu Teli scholarship.

98.	What is the reward amount of Xu Teli scholarship of Beijing Institute of technology?
50000 yuan per person

99.	What is the floor area of the gymnasium of Beijing Institute of technology?
The total construction area is 22632 square meters

100.	In which year was Beijing Institute of technology selected as the National 985 Engineering University?
September 2000

101.	How many teachers and students of Beijing Institute of Technology participated in the celebration of the 70th anniversary of the National Day?
4631 teachers and students

102.	In the celebration of China's 70th anniversary in 2019, how many teachers and students of Beijing Institute of Technology participated in the reserve force?
fourteen

103.	What technical support did Beijing Institute of technology provide for the National Day parade?
Fireworks technology, performance virtual simulation technology

104.	How about the construction scale of the school of computer science of Beijing Institute of technology?
The college has cultivated more than 15000 talents for the country and has 198 teaching staff.

105.	How to get in touch with the library of Beijing Institute of technology?
Call: 68913707, or email: bitlib@bit.edu.cn

106.	How to donate books to the library of Beijing Institute of technology?
See the website for details http://lib.bit.edu.cn/node/449.jspx

107.	What are the a + disciplines in Beijing Institute of technology in the fourth round of discipline evaluation?
Armament Science and Technology

108.	In the fourth round of discipline evaluation, what class a disciplines does Beijing Institute of technology have?
Mechanical engineering, control science and Engineering

109.	In the fourth round of discipline evaluation, what are the a-disciplines in Beijing Institute of technology?
The a-disciplines are Optical engineering, material science and engineering, information and communication engineering, computer science and technology, chemical engineering and technology, and management science and engineering

110.	When was the football club of Beijing Institute of technology established?
2000

111.	What are the shuttle bus rates between Zhongguancun campus and Liangxiang campus of Beijing Institute of technology?
The bus rate is 6 yuan for students and 10 yuan for teachers.

112.	How many weeks does Beijing Institute of technology have in each semester?
The spring semester is 16 weeks and the autumn semester is 19 weeks.

113.	What are the dormitory conditions of Beijing Institute of technology?
The dormitory conditions of Beijing Institute of technology is a room for four, with a bed above and a table below

114.	What is the e-mail address of Beijing Institute of technology?
admission@bit.edu.cn

115.	How many undergraduate majors are there in Beijing Institute of technology?
72

116.	What are the undergraduate enrollment principles of Beijing Institute of technology?
The undergraduate enrollment principles of Beijing Institute of technology is fair competition, fair selection, open procedures, comprehensive evaluation and merit based admission

117.	How many national key laboratories and centers are there in Beijing Institute of technology?
9

118.	How many key laboratories of the Ministry of industry and information technology are there in Beijing Institute of technology?
17

119.	How many key laboratories and centers of the Ministry of education are there in Beijing Institute of technology?
11

120.	What are the three first-class majors of Beijing Institute of technology?
They are Optoelectronic information science and engineering, computer science and technology, vehicle engineering

121.	How many first-class undergraduate specialty construction sites of the Ministry of education are there in Beijing Institute of technology?
42

122.	How many English teaching majors have been set up in Beijing Institute of technology?
6

123.	What is the talent training mode of Beijing Institute of technology?
The talent training mode of Beijing Institute of technology is general enrollment, general training and academy system

124.	What is the educational goal of xuteli College of Beijing Institute of technology?
The educational goal of xuteli college is Li De Zhu Hun, Bo Ya Xue Shu, Ming Shi Jing Yu, Zi Wo Qu Dong

125.	In which year was the school of Cyberspace Security of Beijing Institute of technology built?
2020

126.	Who was the first president of Beijing Institute of technology?
The first president of Beijing Institute of technology is Li Fuchun

127.	What is the number of full-time students in Beijing Institute of technology?
31894

128.	What is the total number of Faculty of Beijing Institute of technology?
4846

129.	What is the campus area of Beijing Institute of technology?
2.21 million square meters

130.	What is the building area of Beijing Institute of technology?
1.92 million square meters

131.	Beijing Institute of technology research book examination site code?
1107

132.	What is the biggest campus activity of Beijing Institute of technology every year?
Shen Qiu Ge Hui

133.	What is the express service of Beijing Institute of technology?
Jinggong Feihong

134.	What is the campus network of Beijing Institute of technology?
Bit-web and Bit-Mobile

135.	What is the core idea of the Federation of Beijing Institute of technology?
The core idea of Federation of Beijing Institute of technology is professionalism, passion, communication and altruism

